Use populate_db script (#18)
PerfectFit-project/virtual-coach-main: README.md

NB: Don't commit changes to `docker-compose.yml`

### Database

> The database automatically loads the test data in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test data is automatically loaded into the database using a script in 
```

`virtual-coach-db` [helper/populate_db.py](https://github.com/PerfectFit-project/virtual-coach-db/blob/ca6b5c79064c3b1dcf34ce83d1f59773f33427e3/helper/populate_db.py).

> So if you want to test with different data you have to update this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So if you want to test with different data (particularly if you have updated the db schema by changing `models.py`) you have to update this.
```
